Multi-step traffic flow forecasting, a valuable component of intelligent transportation systems, is more useful than conventional single-step forecasting because of its capability to address long-term uncertainty. However, according to previous studies, it is one of the most challenging tasks for a model to provide reasonable accuracy as it attempts to predict further into the future. On top of that, the conventional state-of-the-art focus on forecasting the traffic flows based on a few intersections rather than a more expansive network which hinders their robustness. This study addresses these two shortcomings by proposing a hybrid deep neural network model based on a one-dimensional depth-wise separable convolutional neural network (DepthConv1D) and long short-term memory (LSTM). The DepthConv1D was used to extract the features, and the LSTMs combined with fully-connected layers helped the model to process those features and predict future traffic flow values. The proposed model was trained on the historical time-series traffic data collected from Caltrans Performance Measurement System (PeMS), comprised of readings from around 24K different locations. The performance of the proposed model was compared with state-of-the-art LSTMs, GRUs and a hybrid 1D CNN combined with an LSTM cell trained on the same dataset with identical parameters. After performing extensive experimental tests, it outperformed the considered baselines by achieving $(3-5)$\% improvements of average mean absolute error for forecasting $24$ hours into the future with relatively less computational costs.
